Edit backup_restore (first pass) (#411)
puppetlabs/puppetlabs-peadm: documentation/backup_restore.md

# Backup and restore Puppet Enterprise (PE) 

If your PE installation is managed by `peadm`, you can back up and restore PE using this process:
1. Use the `peadm::backup` plan to create a backup of your primary server.
2. Use the `peadm::restore` plan to restore PE from a `peadm::backup`.

**Important:** If your PE installation is not managed by `peadm`, you cannot use the `peadm::backup` and `peadm::restore` plans. For information on converting to a `peadm` managed installation, see [Convert](https://github.com/puppetlabs/puppetlabs-peadm/blob/main/documentation/convert.md).  

When running the backup and restore plans, you can define the `backup_type` and `restore_type` parameters with either of the following values:

> * `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services. This allows you to restore your PE installation to the exact state it was in at the time of the backup.

Author: ```suggestion
* `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services. This allows you to restore your primary server and all services (including database services running on external servers) to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.
```

> * `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services, including database services running on external servers. This allows you to restore your primary server and all services to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.

Author: ```suggestion
* `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services. This allows you to restore your primary server and all services (including database services running on external servers) to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.
```

> * `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services. This allows you to restore your primary server and all services (including database services running on external servers) to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.

Author: ```suggestion
* `recovery`: Use this type to create a full backup of your primary server, including data for all services, including database services running on external servers. This allows you to restore your primary server and all services to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.
```

* `custom`: Use this type when you want to selectively back up and restore data for specific services. 

If no type is specified, the default is `recovery`.

When backing up or restoring PE, you must use the `--targets` option to specify the hostname (FQDN) of your primary server.
 
The backup file created is named `pe-backup-YYYY-MM-DDTHHMMSSZ.tar.gz` and placed by default in `/tmp`. To specify a different location for the backup file, you can define the `output_directory` parameter.

This example shows how to run a `recovery` backup which places the backup file in a custom location.  
```
bolt plan run peadm::backup --targets my.primary.vm backup_type=recovery output_directory=/custom_path
```

When restoring PE, you must define the `input_file` parameter to specify the path to the backup file you want to use. For example:
```
bolt plan run peadm::restore --targets my.primary.vm input_file="/tmp/my_backup.tar.gz"
```

## Using `recovery` backup and restore

> When you run a `recovery` backup plan, the primary server configuration is backed up in full. In the event of a primary server failure, this backup can be used to restore the PE installation to the state it was in when the backup was created.

Author: ```suggestion
When you run a `recovery` backup plan, the primary server configuration is backed up in full. In the event of a primary server failure, this backup can be used to to restore your primary server and all services (including database services running on external servers) to the exact state they were in at the time of the backup.
```

You can create a recovery backup as follows:
You can create a `recovery` backup as follows:
```
bolt plan run peadm::backup --targets my.primary.vm backup_type=recovery
```
or, simply,
Alternatively, because `recovery` is the default type, you can use this simplified command:
```
bolt plan run peadm::backup --targets my.primary.vm
```

To restore from this backup, you can do:
To restore your installation from this backup, run:
```
bolt plan run peadm::restore --targets my.primary.vm input_file="/tmp/my_backup.tar.gz"
```

The recovery restore will also work if some or all services are down on the primary. The restore process will restart the services at the end.
**Tip**: Restoring from a `recovery` backup restarts any services that are unavailable on the primary server.

## Custom backup type
## Using `custom` backup and restore

When selecting the `custom` backup type, the user can choose which items are backed up and/or restored using the `backup` (or `restore`) plan parameter.

> This parameter can be omitted, in which case all options will be turned on by default.

Reviewer: @J-Hunniford I think it's important to note that when using the `custom` backup type, all items are backed up by default, so not specifying the options will backup (and restore) everything. This means that you only need to specify items you don't want to be backed up.

> Otherwise, the default type is `recovery`.

Reviewer: @J-Hunniford This looks great, thank you.

> Otherwise, the default type is `recovery`.

Author: @timidri Just flagging that the suggestion above wasn't committed so wasn't included in the merge.

> Otherwise, the default type is `recovery`.

Reviewer: @J-Hunniford Thanks, I overlooked that. Can you just push this to J-Hunniford-patch-1?

> Otherwise, the default type is `recovery`.

Author: As the branch is merged and deleted, can you copy the suggestion and commit to your PR?
